---
title: "13th April 2019"
date: 2019-04-13
tags: [data wrangling, data science, messy data]
header:
  image: "/images/perceptron/percept.jpg"
excerpt: "Data Wrangling, Data Science, Messy Data"
mathjax: "true"
---

# Just a normal day

I woke up early today. It's just a normal day, but waking up early is quite an abnormal thing to do after coming to college. I was not sleeping much from last two or three days so I slept very early(at least for me) last night. It was a pegion that made me woke up at 6 or 6:30 in the morning, I don't remember exatly. The SAC elections are going on in the campus and I am pissed off by the idea of conducting such political event in a technical institute. Yes, I consider that it is important for the students to get familiar with how the administrative work is done but I don't think this is the way of doing this. Students started taking this thing very passionaltely but just for winning. There are no criterias on which you can actually judge somebody. Actually you don't know a person. Obviously you have some idea about some people but these are very less number of people with some reputation in college ccconsidering both good and bad image. The way politics is evolving through out the three years of my college life has not been very promising in terms of taking responsibility but it has grown up in a sense of winning the battle and defeating the downtrots(the opposition). I think there should not be any hate between differnt candidates and the team supporting them. But you can see some very dirty politics going on. Anyways, I used my vote wisely, I voted for the candidates that can better manage the work they would be given based on my own experience with them. I believe that we are a group of people in the campus who came after a lot of hard work and got selected in a very prestigious institute of our country. We should be setting up some exxample for our leaders "leading" the country currently. We should show them how the politics can also be done in a way that it is not believed to be done. Cheers!

## Farmako is the next big thing going to happen after ccration of earth

I used to sleep a lot when I was doing my intern. I lost interest in core after coming back to college and started working on my startup. I think it is going to help a lot of people globally. It is not something we are doing for money. Obviously it would bring up a lot of money with it. But I thing money is something that is considered as a bad thing like sucking blodd out of somebody's body. I don't think that making money is a bad thing and as a company, I think it is important to make money and that a lot too becuase more money you make more you can help other peolple in terms of providing better jobs and employement to unemployeds. Centralization of money is a very bad thing when it is not giving any volatitlity in the market. We should be looking forward to bring up opportunities for everyone present around. We are in a position to come up with some idea that we can execute in order to help more and more people. I think our aim with Farmako is just that to provide more and more help to evryone around and make the world a better place. Cheers!

# Change or die

I think it is very important to know essence of the system you are living in. When you are a part of a system it gives you much more than you can ever think of. It not only teaches you how to work and how to live in a system but alsoo it shapes you in a way you are attached to it. And if you give it back what it needs, you get to know very primary and very basic rule of living in a system. You can not think about yourself, you have to think of greater good, something you believe will do the same or even better like you have experienced. 

For last three years, I have been a part of a system which is very unique in itself. It has changed me in a way I could never have imagined. It gave me what even I could not think I would be. It gave me the vision. The people around me, I have seen best and worst of people. They taught me everything you need to have, everything necessary for a human being. The worst people initiated it and the best of them taught me how to tackle with the situations and how to be a better human being. I got to know some very good people whom I can accept as the best human being I have worked with. I can talk about everything, I can share every problem of my life with them and same they can do with me. I think it is both people and system that gave me this mindset of doing something which I will do my entire life. 
This year is special, I changed the most. I have seen people changing from what they are. Yes, you can think of the thousands of reasons resposible for this situation, but I am very confused with the fact that how can a system can change two or more set of people in a very different way. I have seen people who had so much calliber to be the champion of downtrouts and some very shy, mad and so called unimpressive ones to look into the future and change the world the way they want it to. 
What I belive the reason could be is a different set of perspectives and very different purpose of four groups. I don't think it has something to do with people. And I should not use the word "diversity" here, it is a totally different thing whih I am disccussing. I think people, they are more or less same everywhere. They can change very impressively when given a good sytem as far I have experienced. At very least they are all humans so they have experienced something, which you can understand to find a way out to make them realize what is right and what is wrong. I believe that it is something wrong with the legacy, there is something wrong with the general perspecctive of different set of people whicch is propagating forward each and every year and that too with greater intensity every next year. s 

# About Gandhi

I have been a huge fan of Gandhi and his ideas. For the nation and also personally, I felt that he has been the only guy with prime motive of seeing India a better country in the world. Talking in terms of principles, values, revolutionary riots of his own kind, the ideas that he believed could change India and the world in a way no-one ever tried before. There has been no-one around in the world that had made so much impact of his value on the world. Global economists, politicians, international thinkers, CEOs and all the other change makers, they give the example of Gandhi and his principles and ideas. It is true that we have seen some remarkably good people around the globe too, but the impact and change Gandhi had brought up in the entire world is something different from the things other leaders and changers have done. I can not talk in terms of statues and his photo present of note, one can look at these as some respect we show to the great Bapu but the empire of Gandhism that he had created by devoting his whole life for his nation and this entire world.

I wanted to read about Gandhi a long ago, I had read some pragraphs from "My experimentrs with truth before". I am acurrenly readining it and I found it very different than the other books I read before. That's why I am listing down some reasons why I feel Gandhi has changed the worold in a way no one ever done before.  

# Discrimination on the basis of cast, religion and race

I have heard from a lot of people that Gandhi was a racist and there is some evidence to support this fact. We also see a huge number of memes mentioning Gandhi's happiness about the partition and how it made him happy to separate the junta into India and Pakistan on the basis of religion. Some of us accept this fact and some do not. Can we come to a conclusion and if there is some conclusive evidence supporting this fact then it would have came to the world till now and he would have died a lot earlier. I believe that this matter is something that you feel one thing but you can not go to a conclusion as this a belief and not something that one can change all along. These type of mindsets among people came from the thousands of years of ruling by a number of kings. This mentality is embedded in some people's mind and there is no easy way to avoid this from coming into next generations minds. This thing keeps on passing on to the generations concciously and unconciouly.

